Through flesh I burrow deep and true, from battles heat, I bid adieu. Yet heroes mark me as their shame, what cowardly act speaks my name?
Retreat
Banquet
Lantern
Through valley dark and mountain tall, I guide the way through natures thrall. What path of choice leads heroes brave, past burning towns and forgotten grave?
The Road
Chalice
Jester
In taverns warmth or resting place, I mend the wounds of time and space. What peaceful moment lets you heal, between the horrors heroes feel?
Inn Rest
Axe
Thunderstorm
Through trinkets, charms, and items rare, I make each heros powers flare. What slots upon their person hold, the treasures that make heroes bold?
Equipment
Dungeon
Dragon
Through valley, mountain, bog and plain, different paths bring different pain. What regions must your party brave, as forth they journey, souls to save?
Biomes
Goblets
Scrolls
When heroes clash in darkened lands, their fate rests in your guiding hands. What rounds of choice and consequence, make up each battles grim suspense?
Combat
Tapestry
Harvest
In the times of old, I brought stories untold; with walls high and towers bold. What am I?
Castle
Anvil
Chamber pot
Mounted high, we meet in a rush; lance to shield, the crowd hush. What am I?
Joust
Cauldron
Tavern
Sacred vessel, work divine; I hold the blood of the vine. What am I?
Chalice
Cloak
Wand
I sing of heroes and the past, with lute in hand, tales that last. Who am I?
Minstrel
Vortex
Dungeon
On a quest to reclaim sacred sand, at the beckoning command of the church. What am I?
Crusade
Fountain
Mosaic
I wield a blade of dragons make, and for a princess, justice I will take. What material grants me strength in this quest?
Dragon steel
Shadow silk
Ancient tomes
In libraries old, my knowledge I sought, With spells and incantations, battles are fought. What bonus do I gain from my wisdoms might?
+3 hidden stat
Double health
Lockpicking
I navigate the maze of the city, With keen observation in a cunning way. What stat is increased due to me being nimble?
Agility
Strength
Wisdom
My strength is enhanced by the dragons scale, in battles heat, my fury will not fail. I serve the crown, my loyalty is my guide, for love and honour, I stand with pride. Who am I?
Cassio
Halt
Asher
In tomes of old, my power I find, With a scholars heart and a focused mind. The mystical arts are mine to command, In this rescue mission, I take a stand. Who am I?
Elian
Cassio
Asher
From the depths of the city, I learned to thrive, with nimble fingers, I steal and connive. But the beauty of a princess has captured my soul, to change my path, and make me whole. Who am I?
Asher
Cassio
Halt
In the wild I wander, with senses so keen, a shadow of conspiracy, I have seen. With bow in hand, I seek to atone, to rescue the princess and reclaim my own. Who am I?
Halt
Elian
Asher